Add Poetry `1.2.0rc1` announcement (#66)
python-poetry/website: content/blog/2022-08-22-announcing-poetry-1-1-15.md

$ poetry self update
```

> ## Compatibility between Poetry `1.1` and `1.2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Compatibility between Poetry 1.1 and 1.2
```

> Once Poetry `1.2.0` final release will be out, several projects will use new features that are only in `1.2` in their
> `pyproject.toml`, like dependency groups.
> 
> Poetry will now gracefully handle that, so users of Poetry `1.1` will be able to install dependencies that use Poetry
> `>= 1.2` as their build system, facilitating the migration for users.
> See [this PR](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5834) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Poetry 1.2.0 is out in the wild, projects will start depending on 1.2-only features like dependency groups.

Poetry 1.1 will now gracefully handle dependencies that require newer versions of Poetry by treating them as a foreign build system.

See [python-poetry/poetry#5834](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/pull/5834) for details.
```
